Prologue:
@@@*Game loads with the main crew names displaying on the bottom while the camera pans over Kingston community college*


Lorenzo's story: It's been six years since the last attack, since then we have advanced our security at the college greatly, we have prepared weapons in s special store that only the building owner has access to, shutters have been added to all the windows so the monsters can't get inside the building and we have fitted new (Monster) alarms.

Lorenzo contd.: I hope there won't be another breakout anytime soon, I've just found the girl of my dreams, Sarah, a girl I've know for most of my life, we were just friends for most of that but we have gotten really close these two years we have had to repeat.
We were held back the two years because we goof around all the time of course.
She is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen, she means the world to me and I would do anything for her.

Lorenzo about Sarah: We've had a good relationship, and it's going better than ever, but I don't know how I could live without her. I just hope those things never  come back, we had a tough fight last time, I don't know if we could escape again.@@@



Introduction

@@@#Character is watching a teacher write on the board giving a lecture on English#



English Teacher: And now we shall continue with a brand new topic today, William Shakespeare!

Lorenzo: (Whispering to Sarah) Yet another topic designed to bore us to death *short laugh*.

Sarah: (Whispering to Lorenzo) Almost makes me want to have studied back when I was sixteen in school.

English Teacher: (In an impatient voice) Sarah and Lorenzo! You two have talked the past six lessons, you are no longer a child, if you do not wish to be here, you are welcome to leave. Now are you going to let me get back to the lesson, or are you going to interrupt me again?

Sarah: Sorry Sir, It won't happen again.

Lorenzo:(Sarcastically) Yeah, I'm sorry too.

English Teacher: Okay, now turn to page 68 in the textbook I gave you yesterday.

English Teacher: Now, William Shakespeare was a very famous writer, he wrote many poems and plays, some examples of these are A midsummer nights Dream, (Beginning to fade to black screen with audio level decreasing) The comedy of errors and (Audio dulled to nothing, black screen)@@@

*Title splash screen appears*







Chapter 1 (Just a little noise?):

@@@#Sarah and Lorenzo are in a biology Class, sitting next to each other#

Biology Teacher: Today we will be dissecting a pig!

Sarah: Eww that is disgusting.

Biology Teacher: No it isn't, it is necessary to understand the way animals' bodies work and how the human body is structured.

Lorenzo: (Comforting) Don't worry Sarah, It will be fine.

*Biology Teacher Begins to pass around metal trays with some examination tools on them*

Biology Teacher: Okay, now the first thing we need to do is make an incision straight down the centre of the pig and open the skin like two little flaps.

*Suddenly there is a loud crashing sound outside, everyone in the room looks out the window to see what is happening.*

Biology Teacher: (Starts to close the blinds) There is nothing exciting going on outside that you need to get distracted by. Now, lets get back to it.

*As the Teacher goes to the last window, a huge pair of hands reaches through the window breaking it and pulling her out of the window, sounds of screaming can be heard and suddenly it goes silent, the students watch as the teacher's head rolls through the window and hits the floor. The monster's hands go through the window.*

#As soon as this happens, someone activates the (Monster) alarm which sends the college into lockdown mode, all shutters suddenly close, in the biology room the (Monster's) arms are crushed the shutter and it's arms get severed.#@@@